hey guys what is up if you want to know
how to download reflect a client stay
tuned all right guys what is up Mac over
here today you guys know how I used to
always do these hacked client videos how
to install them all that I thought I
would start bringing that back i'm gonna
start giving these out more of the
random and once again thing i start with
every video is i did not use these i do
these because i know how to install
stuff and i thought that this is helpful
to you guys may be helpful the screw up
servers so be it but it helps you guys
out and that's what you guys like me to
do this is your favorite little genre of
videos that I make and I barely make
them anymore I just make videos of me
talking and I feel like that is boring
as hell too so I might as well do what I
do best which is make tutorial videos
because I am clear and concise in your
guys words um so what you want to do is
you want to go to this link I provided
to you below once you go to its wizard
hacks com arm once you go to it um I'm
gonna hit the download of the reflex now
what if you guys know me I don't
demonstrate how to do the hack clients I
just download them and show you guys
that download you gotta figure out do it
by yourself but yeah so when you click
the download here you automatically get
a new tab and then you get an ad fly and
then o countdown it goes to skip ad you
hit the skip ad then I'll go back to
hear you want to hit download again then
you want to hit download the current
build on this you're like on 1.7 point
whatever so just hit the download
current build get another adfly please
follow I love your comments but you guys
do not obviously follow my videos
because I have way too far many comments
on my rubiks a client and all of that so
please follow and we're going to redo
this all at the end again guys and i'ma
leave all the tabs open
you
alright and then once it starts going it
should get to a hundred I'm assuming all
right save your file will do reflex at
client zip and now that is shaved down
there so a real quick run through of
what we just did see you guys don't get
confused you go to wizard Act clients
page this this link that I provided you
hit the download button once you hit the
download button once you hit the
download button you get an ad flight
that is not here you hit skip ad on the
ad fly and then another little download
thing comes up here and then it takes
you to this page you want to hit current
build if you're doing 1.7 plus and once
you hit that then you go to this page
the mega the mega dot co dot and Z and
once you do that then it'll then you
start the download and then we'll ask
where you want to save your file and
when you want to save your file hit
desktop and there it is and please
comment below I love your comments but
don't ask them questions like I'm
confused minecraft versions not popping
up you gotta reinstall minecraft alright
so that I just ran through that with you
guys once you finally have the zip file
which is the main point of this video
you're getting as close out of all that
and you want to double click the zip
file and you'll get reef ex-client now
you can get rid of the zip file just
because I like clean and you wanna once
you get rid of it then you go to reflux
client you look inside of it with the
dot jar Jason file and you want the dart
jarn Jason now this is my first time
installing this because i'm making this
video right on the spot so if this icon
is screwing up something then I will
remove it but generally you just want to
Joren Jason file I don't know what the
icon is so you're going to run a command
here command shift G and when you do
that this will pop up and I don't know
what this squiggly is called but if you
have a Mac it is um I'm trying to see
it's where your escape key is if you
have a macbook pro you go to your skate
key at the top left and it's below one
then it should be right next to the 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 on your keyboard up
there so once you have that you hit go
go to application support then you find
minecraft in here are the how can i find
it there it is once you find minecraft
you want to go to versions and then you
can just drag this in here now i'm gonna
drag it in but if there's an error you
guys know what it is it's that little
thing in there that uh i don't even know
what that said but you guys know what
the error is so what you want to do i
don't even need to really make that full
screen you want to open up minecraft
here once you open it up you have your
profile set and ready there you want to
hit edit profile and go to your versions
and when you go to your versions there
should be a release reflex client now
here we go okay so guys since it worked
on what do not listen to what my step
was was to delete everything but the
darn Jason don't do that when you get
the reflex client leave everything as is
once you unzip that file in the folder
leave everything as is don't get rid of
the icon because i usually get rid of
them in my videos but not this time so
once you have the release reflex client
you just click on it from the used
version you probably should have started
at on the 1.7 point on you just scroll
through in front of reflux client when
you do that you save the profile and you
hit play that should take a while
because it's reassuring your minecraft
entirely with its own interface so you
might have to wait a while for it to
like create its display and all that
craziness all right here we go reflex
1.7 point 9 that's what it should say up
there and of course this will take a
while but once this goes um i just like
to say i hope you guys enjoyed the video
and i will see you guys later once this
reflux pops up in order to show you it
works because there's some people in the
comments that just go crazy if not
everyone shows the aftermath of what
happened all right here we go here's
your reflex
arm now one thing I've noticed that it
does is it deletes your multiplayer
servers so if you're okay with that
you're okay with that out nowhere by
multiplayer servers are actually it's
kind of weird that they're all gone but
um yeah hope you guys enjoyed I can help
you anyway don't hesitate to ask I just
hate stupid questions that I've
explained countless times please follow
my steps hope you guys cannot get to use
this plugin if that's your thing I mean
you're uh this hack line if that's your
thing and I will see you guys later
please comment your questions just
comment